# Companify
Looking for an app that provides legal assistance at rock bottom prices? Your wait is just over! Easily avail legal services and track the status of your request/query at your fingertips, courtesy the Companify app. Be it Trademark Registration, ISO Certification, GST Registration, FSSAI Registration or Company Name Search (and you name it!), Companify would provide the safest and the most efficient solution anytime, anywhere. No need to be at the mercy of external support agents anymore for services such as Fund-raising, IEC Registration, Name Change, Annual Compliances and so on. What services do we offer? We offer 117 selected range of services, and some of them are mentioned below – 1. Trademark Registration 2. ISO Certification 3. Copyright Registration 4. GST Registration 5. GST Filing 6. Shop &amp; Establishment License 7. One Person Company Registration 8. LLP Registration 9. Fund-raising 10. FSSAI Registration 11. General Partnership Firm Registration 12. Nidhi Company Registration 13. Accounting &amp; Book-keeping 14. Section 8 Company Registration 15. IEC Registration 16. Trademark Objection 17. Trust Registration 18. Company Incorporation 19. Name Change 20. Annual Compliances What can you do with the Companify app? Track your status for completed service requests related to Trademark Registration, Fund-raising, ISO Certification, FSSAI Registration, etc. On our personalized screen named “Ticket Timeline”, view the timeline of every ticket raised. Upload necessary documents like GST Registration, IEC Registration, Name Change, and Annual Compliances and so on. Request for a callback from support agents Connect to us on Whatsapp, as and when you need it.  Download and install the Companify app on your smartphone and enjoy legal comfort at your fingertips! Call or whatsapp us at +91 7710771301 Email at Contact@companify.in
